Docs: Person and Computer screen privacy use case for Instance Segmentation (#682)
aimakerspace/PeekingDuck: docs/source/use_cases/privacy_protection_people_screens.rst

**********************************************
Privacy Protection (People & Computer Screens)
**********************************************

Overview
========

> Videos and Pictures often contain people and other sensitive visual information (e.g., the display

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Videos and pictures often contain people and other sensitive visual information (e.g., the display
```

on computer screens), even though this information might not be needed at all for visual

> processing. Our solution performs full body anonymization and computer screen blurring to protect
> the identities of individuals, and the sensitive information on computer screens from footage or
> pictures. It can be used to comply with the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) or other data

Reviewer: ```suggestion
processing. Our solution performs full body anonymization and computer screen blurring to protect
the identities of individuals and the sensitive information on computer screens. It can be used to comply with the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) or other data
```

privacy laws.

.. image:: /assets/use_cases/privacy_protection_people_screens.gif
   :class: no-scaled-link
   :width: 50 %

> In this example use case, we want to count the number of people in the office, but we don't want
> compromise the privacy of the office inhabitants, nor the privacy of any information accidentally
> shown on the computer screens.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this example use case, we want to count the number of people in the office, but also want to avoid
compromising the privacy of the office inhabitants or information displayed on computer screens.
```

Our solution automatically detects people, laptop and computer screens, and then blurs them. This is
explained in the `How It Works`_ section.

Demo
====

.. |pipeline_config| replace:: privacy_protection_people_screens.yml
.. _pipeline_config: https://github.com/aimakerspace/PeekingDuck/blob/main/use_cases/privacy_protection_people_screens.yml

To try our solution on your own computer, :doc:`install </getting_started/02_standard_install>` and run
PeekingDuck with the configuration file |pipeline_config|_ as shown:

.. admonition:: Terminal Session

    | \ :blue:`[~user]` \ > \ :green:`peekingduck run -\-config_path <path/to/`\ |pipeline_config|\ :green:`>`

How It Works
============

There are 2 main components to our solution:

#. Person and computer screen segmentation, and
#. Person and computer screen blurring.

**1. Person and Computer Screen Segmentation**

We use an open source instance segmentation model known as `Mask R-CNN <https://arxiv.org/abs/1703.06870>`_
to obtain the masks of persons, computer screens and laptops. The masks are akin to the input frames
or images, except that it only has a single channel and each pixel on the mask is a binary of either

> 1 or 0, which indicates whether a specific class of thing is present (1) or absent (0) in a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1 or 0, which indicates whether a specific class of object is present (1) or absent (0) in a
```

particular location of the image. For more information on how to adjust the ``mask_rcnn`` node, check
out its :doc:`configurable parameters </nodes/model.mask_rcnn>`.

**2. Person and Computer Screen Blurring**

To blur the people and computer screens, we pixelate or gaussian blur the image pixels where the
pixel values of the relevant masks are equal to 1 (indicating presence of object).

Nodes Used
==========

These are the nodes used in the earlier demo (also in |pipeline_config|_):

.. code-block:: yaml

    nodes:
    - input.visual:
        source: <path/to/video>
    - model.mask_rcnn:
        detect: ["tv", "laptop"]
    - draw.instance_mask:
        effect: {blur: 50}
    - model.mask_rcnn:
        detect: ["person"]
    - dabble.bbox_count

>     - draw.instance_mask:

Reviewer: As discussed, we should explain why `model.mask_rcnn` and `draw.instance_mask` is repeated, and that it's not required if only anonymization is required.

Author: Footnote is added at the bottom in Italic
